README.md, before:

# Joseph Namihas - Web Portfolio

## My Web Portfolio

This portfolio is a collection of projects to showcase to future employers. I will slowly be building this up to reflect the new skills I learn and to add projects I complete.

Currently, I only have two projects to showcase. I have left a project window blank to highlight my intention to fill them in the coming weeks and months.

My motivation for this project was to provide me with a piece of work which I can update throughout my learning. Anything new I learn that I deem valuable to showcase, I will add in some capacity to this portfolio.



## Challenges Faced

### Getting hands on with CSS Grid

Slowly getting more comfortable with CSS Grid. 

### Design

Colour schemes, borders, images...I found this more troublesome than I would have originally thought. Sometimes, things you think of, don't translate well to page. 

### Applying Images

Getting certain images to fit into CSS Grid Cells, making sure they're the right measurements. 

## Installation

Run the website by following the GitGub Pages link: 

## Useage

Insert mock up

## Credits

## License 

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2022] [Joseph Namihas]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Nearly completed README. Just need to add final screenshot

README.md, after:

# Joseph Namihas - Web Portfolio

## My Web Portfolio

This portfolio is a collection of projects to showcase to future employers. I will slowly be building this up to reflect the new skills I learn and to add projects I complete.

Currently, I only have two projects to showcase. I have left a project window blank to highlight my intention to fill them in the coming weeks and months.

My motivation for this project was to provide me with a piece of work which I can update throughout my learning. Anything new I learn that I deem valuable to showcase, I will add in some capacity to this portfolio.

In the coming year, I will no doubt be relying on this page to showcase my talents and what I can offer a potential employer.

As a note, I would like to say that I am not entirely happy with the current design of the page. There's still some functionality I need to add, which I simply didn't have time to get right without sweeping changes (media queries). The general look of it is not appealing right now and I will go back and make it more visual in the coming weeks. 

## Challenges Faced

### Getting hands on with CSS Grid

Slowly getting more comfortable with CSS Grid, but had to do quite a bit of research on wrapping images within the grid cells. I'm still not entirely happy with the current look, but this will be rectified in due course.

### Design

Colour schemes, borders, images...I found this more troublesome than I would have originally thought. Sometimes, things you think of, don't translate well to page.

## Installation

Run the website by following the GitGub Pages link: 
https://josephnamihas.github.io/joseph_namihas_portfolio/

## Useage

Insert mock up

## Credits

Credits to the following for the inspriration and assistance during course lessons.

- Dawid Zajac (zajacek19@gmail.com)
- Lil Corris (eil-j@hotmail.co.uk)
- Sanele Mbuthuma (saneledm@outlook.com)
- Ryan O'Connor (TA)


https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/

## License 

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2022] [Joseph Namihas]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
